this is your remote-control craft
helicopter item number nine zero seven
four this is a box that you will receive
when you purchase this item and inside
you will receive your instruction manual
here you have three spare batteries for
the tail rotor lights you get your
remote get your helicopter and you get
your charging pack you have a tool for
changing your batteries and an antenna
it's time to charge craft you know all
you need to do is on the side of your
helicopter find this red and black wire
coming off plug that into the red wire
coming off your charging box plug your
charging box into your wall socket or
extension lead now make sure that your
helicopter is off whilst it's charging
otherwise it will not hold charge for
your remote you need eight double-a
batteries now your helicopters almost
ready to fly just ten need to take it
off to charge we've left ours on for
about 45 minutes to get maximum flying
time unplug that lead and plug that into
the red tab on the side of your
helicopter like so you need to turn your
helicopter on you need to turn your
remote on extend the intent of the whole
way now on your remote on the left top
corner you have this little switch this
is to change the speed of your
helicopter from quick to slow underneath
that you have your thrust on the right
hand side you have your directional in
the top right hand corner that's your
trim we're going to show you how this
works now you'll notice that when you
take off your helicopter is going to
spin slightly
this is caused by the trim to fix this
watch which way your helicopters
spinning if it's spinning clockwise spin
the little toggle that we showed you
earlier counter clockwise if your
helicopter is spinning counterclockwise
then the little toggle clockwise keep
having a play around with this until you
get your helicopter not moving at all
just hovering now this helicopter
features are building gyro the
super-sensitive handling got led rotor
lights so you can keep track of it in
dark places it features a full
directional capability get a crash
resistant frame encasing which makes it
perfect for beginner fliers get a three
channel receiver which is going to give
you about a hundred foot range it's got
12 to 17 minutes flight time is up the
helicopter is suitable for indoor fly
and now you have a perfect landing